[WHOOSH]
>> Welcome to House
of Well-Being.
You're listening to Getting
Over an Ex Hypnotherapy Audio.
In a moment, the
hypnosis will begin.
But before it does,
I'd like to remind you
that the following
audio contains
powerful hypnotic
suggestions that
aim to help you reach a
deep level of relaxation.
So please be sure that wherever
you're listening to the audio,
you're in a safe and
comfortable place,
free from distractions, where
you can fully relax and let go.
Please don't listen to this
if you're driving or operating
machinery.
Should there be an emergency,
your subconscious mind
will alert you, and you'll
easily come out of hypnosis.
But right now,
there's nothing at all
you need to do apart
from close your eyes,
relax, lie back, and
let go, and enjoy
all those peaceful feelings
and all the benefits that
come with it.
Make yourself as
comfortable as possible
and concentrate on
the sound of my voice.
And begin by drawing in
a long, slow, deep breath
in through your nose.
Hold the breath for a moment.
And now slightly open your
mouth and release all the air
from your body in a
long, low, deep sigh,
and relax, allowing your
lungs to naturally deflate
as your body sinks into
gentle relaxation now.
Now in your
imagination, I'd like
you to imagine that
you're standing
on the top of a hill
on a beautiful island,
and it's a lovely,
warm summer's day.
There's a clear blue sky,
not a cloud in sight,
and the temperature is
just how you like it.
You can feel the gentle
warmth of the sun on your head
and shoulders, and you can
hear the sounds of nature
all around you, making you
feel even more relaxed.
The long grass in the
meadow below sways slightly,
and you can see a
winding path that
disappears into a
small apple orchard,
just at the bottom of the hill.
And just beyond the
orchard, you can
see the sea, the
sunlight darting off
the tops of the waves,
and the whole ocean
shimmering and sparkling.
You begin to move easily
down the path now,
noticing the grass
springing under your feet,
pushing you encouragingly
towards your destination.
And you catch the faint smell
of sea air and the breeze
as you get closer to the
ocean now as you stroll down,
down the winding path.
And you move
smoothly and easily,
and you feel relaxed and
centered and fully in control.
And you're becoming aware now
of a growing calm within you.
You stop to look at the
beautiful flowers growing
each side of the path, their
colors so vivid and bright.
And you stand there for a
moment, taking in the view.
A feeling of happiness flows
through you, continuing down.
You're aware now of a deep sense
of calmness and tranquility,
right from the top of your
head to the tips of your toes,
renewing your energy,
feeling wonderful.
As you walk, you find yourself
almost floating as though
in a dream world down
towards the orchard.
You move with such ease,
with no effort whatsoever.
And in no time,
you find yourself
drifting through
the fruit trees with
a lush, cool, green foliage
forming a canopy overhead.
And you see the
sunlight glittering
through the branches.
And as you stand there, you
feel a glittering sunlight
on your face and neck, and
you feel and experience
it vibrating throughout your
entire body-mind system.
And as the sunlight moves, it
glows and warms and soothes
and heals your body and mind.
And you release and relax
and move down and down,
taking in another deep breath,
relaxing even more now.
You can hear the
sound of the ocean
as you move nearer and nearer.
And with every
step you take, you
feel more relaxed
and more calm as you
follow that winding path
that leads you downwards.
You turn a corner,
and to your delight
you find yourself on a
beautiful deserted beach,
the beach sweeping away into
small bay in front of you.
And the ocean is a striking
turquoise blue, pure and clear.
And you can feel the warm
sand underneath your shoes.
And you take your
shoes off, and you
start walking lazily across
the beach to the water's edge.
You feel the sand
beneath your feet
and you feel the
sand change from cool
to moist beneath your feet as
you wander along the shoreline.
As you turn around,
you start to walk up
the beach towards
a grassy mound.
And as you walk up slowly, you
take in the smell of the ocean
and you hear the sound
of the water hissing
over the warm sand.
You reach the mound
now and you sit down,
making yourself comfortable.
And as you gaze out across
the breathtaking scene,
you watch the waves roll
in and roll out again,
rhythmically in and out again.
You play with the sand
through your fingers,
noticing just how good you feel.
So relaxed now.
So relaxed that you've opened
up your subconscious mind
and you're ready to start
making those changes
you've been wanting to
make once and for all.
Now that you're in a
deeply relaxed state,
I'd like you to focus on moving
on from your last relationship.
Whether this was your
decision or theirs,
it's always hard to adjust
to being on your own
after a relationship and to
getting used to new routines
again.
But it's time to
move on now, time
to find yourself once again.
And this doesn't have to
be a lonely time at all.
It may be just the chance you
need to create new friendships,
a partner, a soulmate.
And you know that
one of the best
things you can do to
move on from an ex
is to surround yourself
with people who you love
and people who love you,
people who you connect with.
That may be family or friends,
or connecting or reconnecting
with people who care about
you, as this will start to add
meaning back into your life.
You can start to rebuild
meaning into your life
once you take the time to
cultivate relationships that
are separate and distinct
from your old relationship
and your old self.
This is a new phase for you,
one of healing and recovery,
but also one that's exciting,
whether you feel it now or not.
You take the time now to
truly work out who you are,
what you need, and how
to get your needs met.
So in this precious time now,
this time that's just for you,
it's time to think
about your needs
and how you want
to meet them now
that you don't have to
think about someone else.
You take this time
to learn and to heal,
which makes you feel excited,
positive, and motivated.
You no longer think
about your ex-partner
as deep down you know
that you're moving on.
And you no longer have
the need or desire
to waste any more time
focusing on something
you can no longer change.
You realize now that you
weren't meant to be together.
And whilst you still care
for this person very deeply,
the relationship was never
the same as when you first
started seeing each other.
People change.
People grow.
People go in different
directions, and that's OK.
But you now realize
that you need
someone who's on the same path,
going in the same direction
and growing at the
same time as you.
And that's why
you've decided now
to stop thinking
about your ex-partner
and to get on with
your new life.
And that makes you feel
excited, energized, and happy.
I'd like you now to
imagine in your mind
gathering all your ex-partner's
belongings together
and placing them
into an old trunk.
These may be photographs
or letters, memories
or holidays or nights out.
Gather them all up and
place them in the trunk.
Don't forget the
unpleasant memories too,
not just the happy times.
Perhaps there were rows, the
disappointments, the letdowns.
You place them all in the trunk.
And you take some
time now to think
about what those memories
are and place them
in the dusty old trunk now.
And as you place
them into the trunk,
you notice how they start to
mean less and less to you.
You notice the
negative memories are
greater than the happy ones.
You notice there are far
more negative memories.
And as you place
them away, you start
to feel strong and confident.
You know that you have so many
exciting times to come now,
and you're starting your healing
journey with self-confidence
and determination.
As you place the
memories into the trunk,
you realize you're emptying
your mind now of all the things
that have been holding you back
from moving on and preventing
you from feeling good.
From now on, you feel strong and
empowered, self-confident and
optimistic about the future.
You have faith that you
don't need your ex-partner
to be happy.
You are perfectly capable
of being happy on your own.
It simply takes adjustment
and a little bit of time,
but each day becoming
stronger and stronger,
taking one day at a time, being
surrounded by family or friends
and putting yourself and your
needs first for a change.
You are strong and confident,
calm and in control.
It's now time to
put the trunk away,
to say goodbye to those
memories and to be
free of the burden of your past.
And you know just the place.
At the back of
your mind is a room
with a secret cupboard in it.
And in it, there may
also be many childhood
forgotten memories that
no longer serve you.
You decide this is
the perfect place
to keep all the memories
from your ex-partner.
Here, you won't
stumble across them
when randomly accessing
other information,
but you aren't throwing
them totally away.
So in years to come,
you'll be able to look back
at those memories with an
amusing sort of nostalgia.
So you now imagine
taking the trunk
and visualizing
yourself taking it
across to the back of the room
where the secret cupboard is.
And when all the items are
safely in the cupboard,
you close the door
on those memories.
You lock them away.
You don't need them at all.
You're ready to get
on with your life,
to start living once again.
As you place the
trunk away, you think
about the time of who
you were before you were
with your partner, the old you.
You remember being happy, fun,
busy, going through your life
at your own pace.
Perhaps it was easy then,
and it will be easy again.
Now that the memories
of your ex-partner
are leaving your mind, you
feel like a great weight has
been lifted off your shoulders.
You feel the tension, stress,
and anxiety leave your body.
You feel free, light, and
you have a tremendous amount
of hope and optimism
for the future,
taking one day at a time,
feeling strong and confident.
You feel good.
You feel elated.
And you feel happy.
You're free to do what you want
to do, when you want to do it,
with no one questioning
your every move.
The possibilities
are endless now.
You're excited that you
can shape your future
in any way you want to.
You remember that you have
friends and family who
love you, and you don't
feel alone in your journey.
You're surrounded
with support and love,
and they're excited to join
you in your new ventures.
And now life begins to take
on more meaning for you.
You're open to new
possibilities, new horizons,
ready to scale new heights.
It's a wonderful feeling
to be free, free as a bird,
free to fly wherever you want,
feeling strong, confident,
and calm.
Your subconscious mind realizes
that emotional freedom for you
is just what you need right now.
Putting yourself first
is just what you need,
knowing that the
right person for you
is just around the
corner, and you'll
be in exactly the
right state of mind
when you meet them as you're
feeling strong, confident,
and happy.
These hypnotic
suggestions are now
embedded in your
subconscious mind.
They'll become more
and more powerful
as the days and weeks go by.
And in a moment, I'm going
to count from one up to five
to awaken you.
And at the count of five, you'll
be wide awake, fully refreshed,
alert, and feeling
fantastic, bringing back
with you all the
wonderful new feelings.
So coming back now with one,
two, three, four, and five.
Eyes open when you're ready.